Update identifying users documentation (#14306)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/configuration.mdx

## Identifying Users

> You can add user information to events to help you identify the user that is experiencing an issue. See [setUser](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/apis/#setUser) to learn how to to set the user on Sentry events.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the Sentry SDK to link a user to a session, and add user information to events to help you identify users that are experiencing an issue. See [setUser](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/apis/#setUser) to learn how to to set the user on Sentry events.
```
